You must keepment of it with your heart.
Miracle, small place,
Then finally you will live as mother.
Peter Paul Miller
Then the parents and children look at each other and take money.
This is a dance.
If you put it on the table,
there is a break until dawn.
You rest and drink water.
The dog who looks around falls.
This is the song now.
It's a song to say goodbye.
I'm going to ask you.
How do you remember this song?
Is it a song from heaven?
Or is it a song from heaven?
Oh, it's a song.
I remember this song.
I always remember it.
The song is strange.
I take money and look at it.
It's a song.
This is a song.
I was born in Kamakura.
My mother's name is Hienaburo.
I'm a father.
This is a song I sang to my child.
Is this song for me?
Oh, it's a song for my child.
The previous parents are old.
They didn't say that.
They took money and looked at it.
It's a strange song.
I'm a father.